hello today for you two videos with
by the way, by the way, yes, my name is to say
Lots of dabbled forgot okay
today for you again video back to
I thought up the school myself
both melancholy collect case that is
allowed
it was the king case I am only one
video with the same name that's well I do not know
more precisely not himself thought up and saw and
decided to collect my pencil case with you also
let's start my pencil case looks like that
there is
monster high since i like massive
there is some formula drawing monsters
and exchange two offices
first two large and in the middle
small and
let's get going to eat it
there was such a thing on this side
the end could be hooked and not worn
as a bag in it we begin to collect an eye
so the first thing I put on the handle is
as if a significant part of your pencil box
so I go more because the vectors
their classmates ask him for general art and
first you first and first that i
i say i had two pens here
these ones but then I decided to add quietly
how I remembered my loved ones
classmates first two pens looks
so they are washable with rubber bands
such from the potter company modem or mats
I don’t know how to do it
handles are thin not very thin here
such here but they will write out well I do not see
where
that is, here's the next pen
here is yellow
do not know which company is also written found
somewhere in the Carpathians
Well, I 'm writing fine
fine everything i like the next pen
monster high
here it is thin us rubber thing
so that the hand does not slide and it is thin here
even thinner and me here are such pens
like I don't know what she is
she's not very automatic and
the last pen is like that too
ordinary thin pen that flowed on
I don’t know yes, she’s flowed to 7 videos
I will not put it already I will check the pine
not flowed at all but still afraid of him
waiting for not being it corrector as
than pan corrective pencil here
I don't know such a thing, but he still
Here is such a thing that goes with me
the department still does not go two such
pencil and I love these here
soft pencils like that
well breaks fast but that feeling
overall well best of all, well, in my opinion
opinion if the soul of the pencil is such
old wooden but like comfortable and
writes
okay the following is this
power as a mappet
I even liked it here that he was proud
mappet such a thing plastic good
he was fix the tip just about
Venya
and such a good eraser I have it
when it was not know already tried
erases fine and the next eraser
so here with handles went p-pro modem or
Notebook mats and picture such u2
eraser they are here in my middle
the next one is of course the transporter
I have a protractor like this
old this already which is not very garbage and
visible use still go i this year
I decided to buy these bookmarks
it was convenient to have right here too
such spare wheels are good yes it is to then
curse textbook
type of bookmarks to teach and I take a series
when we math
Here is such a set of capture animations
stationery set
This includes of course the agro line is no longer
very 1 protractor
that is, I wear it in my pencil case, oh, not my back
I lie to the Cossack such a thing sometimes I get on
Separately in a pencil case
here's a protractor
square large and sonorous us here
small little square and that's it
Here is a terrible line that I have already
gone bad this set comes in
ruler I will put the treasure forgive
I put the second department
pens and colored do not know artashat world us
this year user
Well, let it lie exactly when to do it
nothing will be to decorate
such here are different pens more reports it
my case is collected on such a plump
this set too i'm taking tomorrow to school
on it was all dumped put me
fingers up subscribe to my
channel write your comments
sorry what not so long video because
I really don't have time
prepared for the first of September general
for school
for the new school year so forgive
me and there will be a video soon
master class I will do cool
a piece so what will children soon
week vlogov so we'll shoot here
and of course there will be time for shooting
less because this year we have both
and to Grade 6 and the program more difficult and I
I will go to many different circles
so I will shoot there for the weekend
try and generally will not be something though
would shoot for you so excuse me
Thank you for 101 followers. I thank you very much.
much love that is love but love
some do as I love you
bye everyone